Move custom RBAC to pub preview (#3532)
astronomer/docs: astro/user-permissions.md

A Workspace role grants a user or API token some level of access to a specific Workspace. If a user or API token has some level of access to a Workspace, that access applies to all Deployments in the Workspace.

> - (Public Preview) - A **Workspace Accessor** has the least permissions in a workspace and can only see a list of the Workspaces in an Organization. Users are granted this permission automatically when added to a Workspace, Organization, or Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Public Preview) - A **Workspace Accessor** has the least permissions in a workspace and can only see a list of the Workspaces in an Organization. Users are granted this permission automatically when granted a Deployment role.
```

To manage a user's Workspace permissions, see [Manage Worksapce users](manage-workspace-users.md#add-a-user-to-a-workspace).

## Deployment roles

There are two types of Deployment roles: the default Deployment Admin role and [custom Deployment roles](customize-deployment-roles.md).

Deployment Admin roles have the same permissions as the [Workspace Operator](#workspace-roles) role but only Deplyment-level operations in a specific Deployment. For example, a Deployment Admin can create a Deployment [environment variable](environment-variables.md) but, unlike a Workspace Operator, they can't create an [Astro alert](alerts.md) because alerts are configured at the Workspace level.

> A custom Deployment role is a role that your Organization has configured to have specific Deployment-level permissions. For a complete list of available permissions to add to custom Deployment roles, see [Deployment role reference](deployment-role-reference.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A custom Deployment role is a role that your Organization has configured to have specific Deployment-level permissions. For a complete list of available custom Deployment role permissions, see [Deployment role reference](deployment-role-reference.md).
```

To manage a user's Workspace permissions, see [Manage Worksapce users](manage-workspace-users.md#add-a-user-to-a-workspace).

> ## Deployment Admin role

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deployment roles
```

Reviewer 2: Making this consistent with other titles

:::publicpreview
:::

> This feature is available for Team tier and above.

Reviewer: Should this be an info banner?

Author: I can fast follow with that tomorrow morning, not a blocker.

Author: Want to check in with Jake about how we're formatting the other tiers. There's marketing materials going out tomorrow so these will need to be updated anyways.

Reviewer: In other docs the tiering info is in info banners

Reviewer 2: Yes let's put this in a banner for now, but I'm hoping to have product tier tags for review in Figma tomorrow so this will be v temporary

Unlike Workspace and Organization roles, Deployment Admin roles have the same permissions as the [Workspace Operator](#workspace-roles) role, but only for Deployment-level operations in a specific Deployment. For example, a Deployment Admin create a Deployment [environment variable](environment-variables.md) but, unlike a Workspace Operator, it can't create an [Astro alert](alerts.md) because alerts apply to the whole Workspace.

> Deployment API Tokens have Deployment Admin role [permissions](deployment-api-tokens.md#deployment-api-token-permissions).

Reviewer: Regardless of the tier the Deployment Admin role is the default for Deployment API Tokens. As you said it can be changed to a custom role in Enterprise tier.

To manage a user's Workspace permissions, see [Manage Worksapce users](manage-workspace-users.md#add-a-user-to-a-workspace).

## Deployment roles

:::publicpreview
:::

> This feature is available for Team tier and above.

Author: ```suggestion
:::info

This feature is available for Team tier and above.

:::
```

To manage a user's Workspace permissions, see [Manage Worksapce users](manage-workspace-users.md#add-a-user-to-a-workspace).

## Deployment roles

> :::publicpreview
> :::
> 
> :::info
> 
> This feature is available for Team tier and above.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Actually gonna cut these out because:

1. These are secondary reference docs to the core feature docs, which is where we should be adding these tags
2. These roles are technically available at all tiers, it's just that they are uncustomizable defaults for lower tiers without much functionality
